README.md, before:

# BPA SharePoint Framework Extension Pack for Visual Studio Code

This is an extension pack for essential extension used in BPA SPFx projects

## Which extensions are included?

- [Better Comments](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=aaron-bond.better-comments) - The Better Comments extension will help you create more human-friendly comments in your code.

- [Editor Config](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=EditorConfig.EditorConfig) - This plugin attempts to override user/workspace settings with settings found in .editorconfig files

- [ESLint](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=dbaeumer.vscode-eslint) - Find and fix problems in your JavaScript code

- [Prettier](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=esbenp.prettier-vscode) - Prettier is an opinionated code formatter. It enforces a consistent style by parsing your code and re-printing it with its own rules that take the maximum line length into account, wrapping code when necessary.

- [Todo Tree](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Gruntfuggly.todo-tree) - This extension quickly searches your workspace for comment tags like TODO and FIXME, and displays them in a tree view in the explorer pane.

- [Visual Studio IntelliCode](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=VisualStudioExptTeam.vscodeintellicode) - this extension extension provides AI-assisted development features for TypeScript/JavaScript developers in Visual Studio Code, with insights based on understanding your code context combined with machine learning.

Commit message:

Add TaskExplorer and Markdown AutoTOC

README.md, after:

# BPA SharePoint Framework Extension Pack for Visual Studio Code

This is an extension pack for essential extension used in BPA SPFx projects

## Which extensions are included?

- [Better Comments](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=aaron-bond.better-comments) - The Better Comments extension will help you create more human-friendly comments in your code.

- [Editor Config](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=EditorConfig.EditorConfig) - This plugin attempts to override user/workspace settings with settings found in .editorconfig files

- [ESLint](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=dbaeumer.vscode-eslint) - Find and fix problems in your JavaScript code

- [Markdown AutoTOC](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=wibblemonkey.markdown-auto-toc) - Adds support for inserting an auto-generated table of contents into the built-in markdown preview using the [[TOC]] syntax.

- [Prettier](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=esbenp.prettier-vscode) - Prettier is an opinionated code formatter. It enforces a consistent style by parsing your code and re-printing it with its own rules that take the maximum line length into account, wrapping code when necessary.

- [Task Explorer](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=spmeesseman.vscode-taskexplorer) - Provides a view in either (or both) the SideBar and/or Explorer that displays all supported tasks organized into a treeview, with parent task file nodes, grouped nodes, and project folders (convenient for large multi-root workspaces). Tasks can be opened for view/edit, executed, and stopped, among other things for specific task types, for example NPM file nodes support common npm command(s) (i.e. 'install') via context menu.

- [Todo Tree](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Gruntfuggly.todo-tree) - This extension quickly searches your workspace for comment tags like TODO and FIXME, and displays them in a tree view in the explorer pane.

- [Visual Studio IntelliCode](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=VisualStudioExptTeam.vscodeintellicode) - this extension extension provides AI-assisted development features for TypeScript/JavaScript developers in Visual Studio Code, with insights based on understanding your code context combined with machine learning.
